Update Sats to USD conversion rate (#152)
bisq-network/bisq-docs: user-dao-intro.adoc

[NOTE]
.Where does new BSQ actually come from?
====

> Recall that a BSQ token is merely colored bitcoin. When a contributor makes their compensation request in the DAO, they must also include the tiny amount of bitcoin to be 'colored' as BSQ (<<dao-technical-overview#,the spec>> requires 100 satoshis). So if a contributor requests 1,000 BSQ, they will need to include 100 * 1,000 = 100,000 satoshis with their compensation request—just about 10 USD at current rates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recall that a BSQ token is merely colored bitcoin. When a contributor makes their compensation request in the DAO, they must also include the tiny amount of bitcoin to be 'colored' as BSQ (<<dao-technical-overview#,the spec>> requires 100 satoshis). So if a contributor requests 1,000 BSQ, they will need to include 100 * 1,000 = 100,000 satoshis with their compensation request—just about 10 USD at a rate of 10,000 USD/BTC.
```
